Adding a FAQ on how to self-service leave an organization (#2305)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/guest-experience.md

[!INCLUDE [guest-vs-external-access](includes/guest-vs-external-access.md)]
 
## Frequently asked questions

Q. How do I leave an organization that I've been invited to?<br>

> A. If you have been invited to an organization, that you don't want to be a guest of, you can self-service leave the organization. For more information, go to [Leave an organization as a guest user](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/b2b/leave-the-organization). Alternatively, you can also ask the admin of the organization to remove you from their tenant. Note that in either case you'll need to be re-invited to the tenant if you want to access the organization in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. If you have been invited to an organization that you don't want to be a guest of, you can choose to leave the organization. For more information, go to [Leave an organization as a guest user](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/b2b/leave-the-organization). Alternatively, you can also ask the admin of the organization to remove you from their tenant. In either case, you'll need to be re-invited to the tenant if you want to access the organization in future.
```
